hi everyone this is the lighthouse lady
today I'm going to make a grilled cheese
sandwich I like to use frozen honey
white bread today I'm going to use
provolone cheese sometimes I use sharp
cheese American cheese
it's all a matter of choice and some
smart balanced buttery spread I like to
butter the bread rather than put the
butter in the pan it seems to cover the
bread better that way
and the reason why I use frozen bread it
takes a little longer for the bread to
cook and that way the cheese melts also
place one slice of bread in the pan
which I'm going to use three of these
thin slices of provolone I like to flip
it over just as the butter starts to
melt to the other side it also gives the
cheese time to start to melt on each
side how do you make your grilled cheese
well there it is looks mighty tasty to
me thanks for watching